#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Categorizing strategies in AMT canteen dilemma
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Another category:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Canteen till 8:40, office at 9:00, intuition/flip coin at 8:50
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Code for particpant: 3bzgh6vt Strategy answer: I tried to determine if we
 would have time to go to the canteen.
 If not, we would go to the office.
 [At 8:50 you might or might not have time to go to the canteen]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Code for particpant: j7iqae18 Strategy answer: Check the possible range.
 If there was no chance of 9am then 100% certain.
 [If 9:00 is not possible, i.e.
 8:40, then 100% certain at canteen, implying you'd be less certain at 8:50]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Code for particpant: g50ezvlw Strategy answer: I tried to go to the canteen
 when I was sure we both had enough time before 9:00AM and to the office
 when it was too close to 9 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Code for particpant: 3p7y30a1 Strategy answer: If it was close to 9:00,
 I went to the office and assumed my partner would do the same since that
 would make sense.
 I don't really think my partner behaved logically.
 [Loosely time based strategy, close to 9:00 likely means 8:50]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Code for particpant: 51s7w8wy Strategy answer: If I knew that my colleague
 was going to get to the office before 9 am I chose canteen and then very
 certain.
 I chose this because there was no reason for them to go straight to the
 office.
 I guessed what they would do when there was a chance they wouldn't have
 time to go to the canteen.
 [If the person knows both arrive before 9, i.e.
 if person arrives at 8:40 or earlier, very certain at canteen.
 Implying that if it is not the case, he wont be certain at the canteen]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
DTU
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Code for particpant: 0iusd3w7 Strategy answer: Always very certain of office
 unless arrive 9.00 or later.
 8.50 was a gamble 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Code for particpant: uwksz3ti Strategy answer: I decided to go to the office
 if I came at 8.50 or later, otherwise to the canteen.
 I chose to (somewhat) uncertain when I arrived at either 8.40 or 8.50, otherwise
 I was very certain.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Code for particpant: getiy58s Strategy answer: For everthing except 8.40
 and 8.50 I played very certain.
 For 8.40 I chose canteen but with slight uncertainty.
 8.50 was office with very uncertain 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Code for particpant: f308g8k0 Strategy answer: Always go the canteen unless
 it’s 8:50 or later.
 If I arrive at 8:50 then I chose canteen or office randomly because the
 other person could have arrived at 9:00 or 8:40.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Code for particpant: wzhpir90 Strategy answer: I said very uncertain at
 8.50 and 9.00, and picked the corresponding "right" choice for me.
 I didn't start out doing this, I started by picking random at 8.50 and 9.00,
 but change it a few rounds in.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Code for particpant: 1rwicug6 Strategy answer: go to the canteen whenever
 there is a chance.
 If not sure, reduce uncertainty [Indicative of going to canteen at all
 times before 9:00, and with lower certainty at 8:50]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Code for particpant: 62drd1wd Strategy answer: For 8:50 an bellow I always
 choose to go to the canteen, for 9:00 and above I choose to go to the office.
 It seem like the other player did that to.
 If I got 8:40 and below I would be very certain that the other player goes
 to the canteen likewise if I arrived at 9:10 or above we would booth go
 to the office.
 If I got 8:50 I would choose to go to the canteen, but there would be a
 50% chance that the other player did that to, so I the best payoff would
 come from being very uncertain likewise for 9:00
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
