#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 4cm
\rightmargin 4cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
The Canteen Dilemma - An Experiment on Higher Order Social Reasoning 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Thomas S.
 Nicolet
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Many complex social interactions require people to have mental model of
 those around them.
 Being able to reason about the beliefs, intentions and knowledge of others
 allows people to better understand the actions and utterances of others,
 as well as helping with possible predictions of others.
 While this ability is generally developed in young children, numerous studies
 show even adults failing to reason about the mental states of others, or
 consult existing relevant knowledge.
 The Canteen Dilemma tests participants ability to reason about the mental
 states of others in order to predict their actions.
 While participants generally do not exhibit any Theory of Mind when asked
 for spontaneous decisions, their certainty estimate of success somewhat
 reflects a ToM.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset toc
LatexCommand tableofcontents

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage pagebreak
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction (social interaction often relies on perspective taking and
 social cognition might be what makes us uniquely human)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Successful social interaction often requires us to reason about the mental
 states of others.
 This type of reasoning, higher order social reasoning, also called having
 a Theory of Mind, can help us understand and predict the behavior of others
 by being able to think and reason about their mental states, including
 their knowledge, beliefs or intentions.
 Higher order Theory of Mind means the capacity to recursively model the
 mental states of others, including the other's mental models of oneself,
 and so on.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Such higher order social reasoning can also described in various epistemic
 logics and the interface between logic and cognitive science has recently
 been gathering interest.
 There lies a two-fold question in this field: To what extend does real
 reasoning about the mental states of others differ from the prescriptions
 from pure epistemic logic, what how does logic and cognitive science react
 to possible divergence? In this article I first discuss the relation between
 logic and empirical facts about human reasoning.
 I then present some logical theory before I go into results about real
 social cognition from cognitive science.
 I use this as an introduction to the Canteen Dilemma experiment.
 Since essential details of the experiment are fleshed out in the accompanying
 article, I will keep to discussing results from the experiment which were
 not included in the original article.
 This will include supplementary discussion and possible improvements for
 future experimental research.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Logic and the facts - From Frege to Benthem (logic havent been too interested
 in facts about real reasoning.
 maybe its not so relevant here, but it is changing)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Logic has traditionally been thought of as only concerned with inference
 in the form of logical consequence.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There has recently been a recent increasing interest in the interface between
 logic and cognitive science, most notably found in Johan van Benthem's
 paper 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Logic and reasoning: Do the facts matter?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 Logic has two roots - the study of real arguments in everyday life and
 the more pure study of axiom-based proof patterns.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Frege envisioned logic as separate from actual reasoning, Benthem argues
 facts do matter for logic.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Epistemic logic - the normative aspect (common knowledge from a logical
 point of view)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Logical models.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Consecutive numbers example
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Description of consecutive numbers example from Ditmarsch.
 The Canteen Dilemma is a game structured like the consecutive numbers example.
 Logical model of Canteen Dilemma.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Attacking generals example
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Attacking generals example
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Real higher order social reasoning (but how does it occur in real life?)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Following and understanding the application of higher order social reasoning
 can be significantly difficult even in examples from epistemic logic with
 precise formalisation.
 When it comes to application of such reasoning in ordinary language and
 in cases where such reasoning might not be explicitly prompted and perhaps
 even time constrained, it turns out to be near impossible.
 
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Studies show that children develop the ability to apply first order ToM
 in relation to a false belief task by the age of 4, while the ability to
 pass a similar task requiring second order ToM only develops a few years
 later.
 Studies with adults (Hedden and Zhang (2002)) suggest that they generally
 apply first order Theory of Mind successfully while their second-order
 Theory of Mind reasoning can also be seriously flawed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Parameters for diversity in cognitive powers
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(a)inferential/computational power: making all possible proof steps,
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(b) introspection: being able to view yourself in “meta-mode”.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(c) observation: variety of agents’ powers for observing current events,
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(d) memory: agents may have different memory capacities, e.g., storing only
 the last k events observed, for some fixed k.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(c) observation: variety of agents’ powers for observing current events,
 (d) memory: agents may have different memory capacities, e.g., storing only
 the last k events observed, for some fixed k.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Why Theory of Mind is important for social interaction (important for successful
 interaction and important to understand to make plausible artificial agents.
 if AI is intelligent like a human, maybe its ToM should be so too)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Successful social interaction requires ToM.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
The limits on higher order social reasoning (humans are very bad at it)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Spontaneous versus reflective use of social cognition (use of ToM is not
 always triggered, requires effortful attention, and can often be ignored
 due to common knowledge)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
However, there's evidence suggesting that this ability might not be effectively
 be drawn upon in spontaneous use cases.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Task dependence (possibly context depended, consider deleting section)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
ToM might not be a uniform type of social cognition.
 It's possibly task dependent, which could indicate that it's made up of
 different reasoning patterns.
 A possible explanation for this could be that theory of mind is more akin
 to a craft than a theory.
 A typical example is that we typically know how to ride a bike without
 having an explicit theory of how to do it.
 We can make a distinction between know-that and know-how.
 We can also make the inverse argument, that someone knows the theory of
 how to ride a bike, or play some sport, without being able to draw sufficiently
 on this knowledge in practice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Consider (Wason 1971) to see that a thematic story might aid in logical
 reasoning much more than an abstract story.
 This is supported by (Meijering 2010), but this might have been counter
 productive in our case.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It's a possibility that employing ToM is a craft that's not sufficiently
 practiced among most people.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Curse of Knowledge (we are biased towards ascribing our own beliefs onto
 others, perhaps bc it is normally effective)
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
