#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
To put it in terms of non-Platonic realism mentioned earlier, if logical
 truths represent structures in the world, we might want a bett logic which
 can express the structures behind real higher order social reasoning.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It is of course difficult to say whether the mistakes in the selection test
 is due to an incorrect interpretation of a statement or whether the statement
 was ambiguously worded.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Consider (Wason 1971) to see that a thematic story might aid in logical
 reasoning much more than an abstract story.
 This is supported by (Meijering 2010), but this might have been counter
 productive in our case.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
.
 This line of reasoning applies for all possible arrival times, meaning
 that the player would go to the office at 8:00 am as well! In fact, given
 this structure, no strategy could be devised which includes a canteen choice
 without that strategy risking discoordination at some point.
 This is highly unintuitive for most normal people.
 Most can follow reasoning implying you should go to the office at 8:50
 and maybe 8:40 and 8:30 as well, but most would think that if you just
 go to the canteen early enough, it becomes a safe choice.
 We might call this a 
\emph on
cutoff 
\emph default
point, denoting the latest time you will go to the canteen.
 Intuitively, people think that having a cutoff a 8:50 involves a risk and
 that this is mitigated by moving the cutoff point to an earlier time.
 But the predicament still stands regardless of what cutoff point one would
 use.
 Because of this, if one is to have a cutoff point at all, it would be rational
 to have it as late as possible, that is, at 8:50, assuming a symmetric
 strategy.
 In that case, one gains as many canteen coordinations as possible, before
 one runs into the risk of discoordination at 8:50/9:00.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

Knowledge of ToM and language use would be very useful in designing conversation
al agents, because if humans draw inferences differently, depending on the
 nature of the situation, artificial agents should also do so, and should
 be able to take into account that others may do so
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Mol masters thesis_learningToReasonAboutOthersMinds"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

In intelligent, technical environments, humans may intrinsically apply ToM
 traits to their non-human interaction partners.
 When designing humanoid agents, self-driving cars, or ambient technologies,
 it becomes important to factor in the human ToM.
 Once humans assign intentions, motives, or beliefs to their non-human counterpa
rts, these thoughts inherently become part of their interaction space and
 must be considered carefully
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Erb - AI and ToM"
literal "false"

\end_inset


\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
some background theory for the research field plus some additonal discussion
 regarding the experiment which was not excluded in the article.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
This type of social cognition is often described as having a Theory of Mind
 of others.
 While there is robust evidence that children acquire the ability to reason
 about the mental states of others at a young age, there is also evidence
 suggesting that this ability is not effectively drawn upon in many cases.
 Even when successfully applied, his type of social cognition is not iterated
 more than once or twice, i.e.
 making a mental model others which might include their mental model of
 oneself.
 Higher order social cognition can be described more clearly in epistemic
 logic, but even the best applications of ToM amongst adults fail to live
 up to the proscriptions of Epistemic Logic.
 The Canteen Dilemma is an experiment which offers insight into how higher
 order social cognition occurs.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
I introduce the Canteen Dilemma experiment and presents how it combines
 interests from cognitive science and logic by looking at a specific type
 of social cognition, namely higher order social reasoning.
 Social interaction often rely implicitly or explicitly on higher order
 social reasoning - what do you think, that I think and so on.
 Such reasoning has been modeled in epistemic logics, although real reasoning
 rarely follow the proscriptions of these logics.
 I here introduce the Canteen Dilemma as an experiment which offers insight
 into how real people reason and discuss the implications for logic as viewed
 as a theory of rational agency.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

 I will use standard abbreviations like 
\begin_inset Formula $(\varphi\lor\psi)=\lnot(\lnot\varphi\land\lnot\psi)$
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Formula $(\varphi\rightarrow\psi)=(\lnot\varphi\lor\psi)$
\end_inset

, and bi-implication 
\begin_inset Formula $(\varphi\leftrightarrow\psi)$
\end_inset

 is shorthand for the conjunction of implication both ways
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Plan: Use logic notation with E and C to describe consecutive numbers and
 byzantine generals.
 Then show how S5 is idealized and go into real social cognition.
 Show how S5 is idealized and doesn't describe the real world.
 Describe why ToM is important and why an accurate representation of it
 is important.
 Describe how humans are limited in ToM, even when we can reflect upon it,
 we don't necessarily act on it.
 Describe curse of knowledge, how knowing P leads us falsely conclude others
 know P as well.
 Describe problems with discrete bounds on reasoning (k but not k+1 ToM).
 Go in to canteen dilemma and its results.
 How do we model this in logic?
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
