#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Questions for Canteen Dilemma
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Thomas S.
 N.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Questions and ordering
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Players are how certain they are that their colleague made the same choice
 as them, i.e that they will meet.
 If either player lose all her bonusses, both players will be asked five
 more detailed questions.
 If both make it through all rounds without losing, the players are asked
 four of these five questions.
 Below are the five questions, their order and a preliminary suggestion
 regarding its formulation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
1.
 Certainty
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
How certain are you that your colleague has made the same choice as you?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[Answers are based on a 5-point Likert scale with equal intervals from 50%
 to 99%: No certainty (50%), Slightly certain (62,5%), Somewhat certain
 (75%), Quite certain (87,5%), Very certain (99%)].
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
2.
 What strategy did you play? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What strategy did you use while playing this game? [Free text answer]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
3.
 Only if game is lost: Whose fault was it?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The game is over.
 Do you think it was your fault it is over, your colleagues fault, or do
 you think it was because of some other reason? [Yes/No, or writing other
 reason in free text answer]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
4.
 Choosing possible cut-off point 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Assuming you could decide a cut-off point with your colleague prior to the
 game, meaning that either of you would only go to the office if you arrive
 at this time or later, what time would you select? [Buttons with 8:00,
 8:10, 8:20 ...
 9:10]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
5.
 Question about simple common knowledge
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
You arrived at [last round arrival time], do you know that it's safe for
 you to go to the canteen, that is, do you know you will meet your colleague
 there? [Yes / No]
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[Alternative suggestion]
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Given your play-style, are you always sure to meet your colleague when you
 go to the canteen? For example when you arrive at [last round arrival time]?
 [Yes / No]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
6.
 Question about real Common Knowledge
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Given your play-style and your arrival time at [last round arrival time]
 as an example.
 Consider if you know that you both arrived before 9.
 Now consider if you know that your colleague knows that you both arrived
 before 9.
 And consider if you know that your colleague know that you know that you
 both arrived before 9? Imagine this process infinitely repeated, are you
 always sure to meet your colleague if you choose to go to the canteen,
 for example when you arrive at [last round arrival time]? [Yes / No]
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[Alternative suggestion]
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Given your play-style/strategy and arrival time [last round arrival time],
 consider whether you know with certainty that you both arrived before 9
 (i.e.
 + 10 minutes to your time) which makes it safe to go to the canteen.
 If this is the case, consider if you know if you colleague is also certain
 that you both arrived before 9.
 If this is the case, consider if you know, that your colleague knows, that
 you're certain that you arrived before 9.
 Imagine this process iterated infinitely, meaning you know your partner
 knows, that you know, that your partner knows, etc, that you both arrived
 before 9 and can safely go to the canteen.
 Given your play-style/strategy, do you know, that your partner knows, that
 you know, etc.
 in the sense described above, that you are sure to meet your colleague
 when you choose to go to the canteen? For example/including when you arrive
 at [last round arrival time]? [Yes / No]
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
